{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14160\viewh16920\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 TITLE: \

\f1\b0 Mobile bike repairs anywhere in greater Dublin, Ireland.\
\

\f0\b NAV:
\f1\b0  \
Book Online     About     Contact\
\
\

\f0\b WEBSITE CONTENT:
\f1\b0 \
Mobile bike repairs.\
\
Many people have difficulty getting their bikes to a bike shop. We call to your office or home anywhere in greater Dublin. \
Fast, convenient bike servicing with up-front pricing. All without the hassle of taking your bike into a shop.\
\
\

\f0\b GRADIENT: 
\f1\b0 \
#FC5E55 - #FA4083\
\
Example - https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_gradients.asp\
\
background-image: linear-gradient(direction, color-stop1, color-stop2, ...);\
background-image: linear-gradient(red, yellow);\
background-image: linear-gradient(to right, red , yellow);\
background-image: linear-gradient(to bottom right, red, yellow);\
background-image: linear-gradient(-90deg, red, yellow);\
\
\

\f0\b DROP SHADOWS:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_shadows.asp\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\f0\b TESTIMONIALS:
\f1\b0 \
http://testimonial-generator.com\
\
"I would like to personally thank you for your outstanding product. You guys rock! It's all good. I can't say enough about Roar Cycles."\
- Tammara I.\
\
"Roar Cycles is the most valuable business resource we have EVER purchased. I will let my mum know about this, she could really make use of Roar Cycles! Roar Cycles has completely surpassed our expectations."\
- Floris V.\
\
"I'm good to go. Roar Cycles is both attractive and highly adaptable. I will refer everyone I know."\
- Carlin B.\
\
"Roar Cycles impressed me on multiple levels. I would gladly pay over 600 dollars for Roar Cycles. We can't understand how we've been living without Roar Cycles."\
- Eve V.\
\
"I don't know what else to say. Absolutely wonderful! You've saved our business! After using Roar Cycles my business skyrocketed!"\
- Brier Q.\
\
"Roar Cycles should be nominated for service of the year."\
- Elfrieda U.\
\
\
\

\f0\b PSEUDO CLASSES:
\f1\b0 \
https://css-tricks.com/pseudo-class-selectors/\
\
\

\f0\b DROP DOWN OPTIONS:\

\f1\b0 Onsite Service\
Parts Delivery\
Request Callback\
\
\
\

\f0\b CONTACT US PAGE
\f1\b0 \
Contact us\
Do you have any questions? Please do not hesitate to contact us directly. Our team will come back to you within a matter of hours to help you.\
\
\
\
}